Hair was seen everywhere in the barber shop
Not spraying insecticide has caused insects in the hair of the grain
Hair is found on almost the entire body of the monkey
His child-like intelligence did not understand this
We should help the child laborers
Water is the basis of life
Water keeps falling from both his eyes
The water of this sword is worth seeing
Ramesh's blood has turned into water.
It's water, not milk.
Nowadays gold price is touching the sky
Night is made for sleeping only
My hand is asleep due to being buried under the chest due to sleep
The animals herd are destroying the farms.
Now-a-days new parties are emerging daily in the society
There is a Ram-Leela party from Chitrakoot in our city
Which party are you from
The intelligent team of our school is going to watch the film today
He wants to join a team
There are two groups in pigeonpea, gram, etc.
The decisive team of the debate competition has sent its decision to the organizer.
He bought a kilo of mangoes from the fruit shop
His work turned out to be very bad
When children cough, nutmeg is rubbed and fed.
The head of this arrow is very sharp
Many people do not believe in horoscope
Brahmin has the highest position in the Varna system.
Hindi has 45 characters based on pronunciation.
He is of fair colour.
A head injury can also kill a man
Mohan has no hair on his head
There is pain in my feet.
The composition, especially the composition of the verse, so that the mind is filled with any rasa or impulse: "The only sentence is called poetry.
Staff Fell on the feet of officer
Explain the meaning of the first verse of this couplet
What position are you in this institution?
Idioms are counted in verse
Son can become bad but mother can never be bad.
Mother, you put your feet up
Mataji loves me more than my own mother
This is the temple of Mata Parvati
Life cannot be imagined in the absence of air
A deity mentioned in Hindu scriptures who is considered the suzerain of wind
Many types of animals are found on Earth
A cow is a pet
He's not a man, but animal.
Government is preparing a new plan to deal with famine
He faced life's famine with patience
Only God can help him at this time
I'm just asking
He is the only one at home
Food items are much more expensive in cities than in villages
Mom is waiting for dad after preparing food
She is drawing  boxes in her answer sheet
I put the book in the compartment of the table
He placed the chess piece in the next box
The lion is eating meat
We saw a lion eating a dog in the forest
Termites eat wood
Today he ate my mind
Only after the death of the daughter-in-law, the mother got worried
This car drinks a lot of petrol
She ate her mother as soon as she was born
Arrogance eats man
So much stuff! Have you eaten all the money?
After the end of the story, the devotees were sitting and eating in the Gan Pangat
He ate my two hours
I have seen a lot of sorrow and shock in my life
There are many differences in food of elephant and ant
From peons to offices in offices, they eat a lot
Our principal's name is Mr. Pushpak Bhattacharya
Sachin Tendulkar has earned both name and money from cricket
I have to win this election at all costs because my name is concerned
The shopkeeper has also loaned another customer in my name
Please forgive me in the name of God
This house has five rooms
The horoscope shows the state of the planets.
Shyam returned home after spending two years in America
This tree is the home of these birds
My house is on the second floor
He placed the chess pieces in the next house
Dirt is home to diseases
India is my home
Some examples are given above
The kite has gone too high in the sky
A bouquet is placed on the table
This sugar is above ten kilos
How straight Ramu seems from above, but he is not
Make a mistake cry from the top is also something
The internal disease will come up with this medicine
There is a temple just above the pond
The younger brother passed the exam and went above and the elder brother remains where he is.
The higher court has revoked this order
He saw many sorrows in his life
Shyam was looking at Mahatma Gandhi's picture carefully
Don't look at everything negatively
Before leaving in the morning I check if the windows, doors of the room are closed
I saw the working of this device
See if the train is running on time
Have you seen how today's children are behaving
Look at the baby, I come from outside
He closed his eyes before seeing the son
You must have seen today's newspaper
